You, uh, love movies and read this somewhere. Yeah. You mentioned blade runner.
Favorite number one of all time. The final cut. That's my go-to. So you.
Say, uh, blade runner is the greatest movie of all time.
It's one of the greatest movies of all time. My top, my top five,
uh, blade runner final cut. This.
Is the original blade.
Runner and I used to own on tape the original DHS
cut. And, um, and I had the director's cut on DVD. Why.
Blade runner, by the way.
What a kid? I just thought it was so cool.
There was something about it really spoke to me the whole cyberpunk landscapes
and, uh, you know, this guy chasing down rogue, uh,
Androids, replicants and all this.
Is it just the entire cyber punky university?
No, it's I mean, the cyberpunk universe is part of it. Uh, on the,
on the surface, I have a,
I've always tended towards dark subject matter, uh,
like things that are of the dark,
so to speak are things that I've always been gravitated towards.
I think maybe part of it is that the things that are darker are more
accepting and
more upfront with death.
And perhaps I think that maybe that is what was, uh,
somehow perhaps there's also the aspect of a rebellious newness.
Usually, like there was, um,
I was never one to want to just do what somebody told me
to do, you know? Um,
I'm not sitting around trying to always be
such a radical individual that I can't take orders. No, in fact,
I'm more than willing to take orders from somebody that I feel is
competent and has merit and reason behind what they're doing and it makes it
like, okay, yeah, I'm a hundred percent for it.
Not only will it kind of take orders,
I will help you achieve whatever it is if I think it's worthwhile, um,
even at my own expense. But, uh,
to get to that point is a rarity. It's just not, not a given.
And so you can even imagine like being a grade school teacher and this kid
doesn't respect you and he doesn't really think you're that smart.
They don't really appreciate that. But, um.
So cyberpunk is number one. What else.
Is kind of number one? It's a, it's an environment I love, but at the same time,
Conan the barbarian by John Millie is one of my favorite films of all time. Uh,
and you know,
that's such a pure film in a way like the motivations are pure.
They're very easy to follow,
but not lacking in depth. You know, it's not,
it's not just explosions and, and teal and orange it's, uh, it's,
it's more on the human condition and I love it and it's
shot incredibly well. It's got an incredible soundtrack. Yeah, love it.
But with blade runner also in a deeper sense, you know, again,
the human condition, you know, or you, you start seeing like what, what is,
what is being, what does it being human, uh, you know,
how does this relate to what if you can make it and you can tell it what to do
at what point is it like you should, or you shouldn't, you know,
why do you get to determine what's alive? And what's not,
what's a life that should be allowed to live and what isn't and
what would be the strain of being Roy batty and
seeing all these incredible moments that
with his passing will no longer exist,
especially if he hasn't had a chance to put that flame into another torch,
so to speak. If he hasn't written them down,
if he hasn't passed them down to somebody else,
it had gone like tears in the rain.
That scene is incredible. Uh, I mean,
but it's funny cause those two universities have very different corners of the
barbarian and cyber punk.
Is there that makes me curious about what else might be in list?
Uh, well let me think. And it's a pretty.
[Inaudible].
No, no. I mean,
I'm sure the God I've never actually even watched the whole godfather, but also.
Like, like casino.
Goodfellas. It was a good movie, but no, that's not in my top. It's,
it's a good flick. Uh, but it doesn't really do it for me. Uh, I,
if people really want to get into this a little more, I did make a hundred,
a list of a hundred, a hundred of my favorite movies on my Facebook fan page.
Uh, but, uh, do you remember like, oh yeah,
like blazing saddles is on their original, the lost Ark, um, uh,
Valhalla rising by Nicholas from winding Ruffin, uh, uh,
maniac by, uh, William Lustig. Uh,
it's a 1980 gnarly video,
nasty horror movie about a serial killer, uh,
who murders women and scalps them. Uh,
and it's gnarly as hell and very brutal and very bleak and very, uh,
um, I mean,
it's the kind of thing that like a lot of people would have a real hard time
watching, but, uh, one again, I like things that are dark,
but two,
I thought the performances were fantastic in this film and they really got out.
I think the underlying thing was, and it was, you know,
there was a guy who was basically just like run a muck by the
overbearing mother, uh, union archetype. And it, she was,
she had parked her in sanity into him and he,
but yet there was this aspect you could see of him,
of him wanting to try and actually be able to be in the world and have
love and have, uh, uh,
feminine companionship to go with his masculine
aspect.
But he had no way of understanding how to really make that happen.
And he had a complete negative connotation to the feminine.
So it's his struggle with it. And there's a little part in the,
in the movie where he somehow comes across this
model or something. And they actually,
he starts to feel like maybe he might be able to actually have a relationship
with somebody and it goes somewhere. But, uh, yeah, uh,
even the Elijah would remake,
I felt was really well done and captured most of the essence of what the movie
was about, but I still feel like the original, by the way,
I'm Lustig is the best.
What's the greatest, uh, love.
Movie of all time and his love movie of all time.
So like something more love is, I mean,
I suppose love underlies most of these movies.
And especially in somewhere, I mean,
hell to cache me case films are all about family, of all things.
It hasn't bonkers as those movies.
Are they the general theme is family almost entirely all of
his films? Uh.
Yeah, that was very, I mean, even you can argue blade runner. Yeah.
Because I love film of all time. Uh,
let's enjoy, I mean, is Excalibur a film about love? Uh,
what's this cava king Arthur caliber is about,
uh, Arthur, uh,
becoming king of the Britons and his love of his country and his love of
Guinevere. But eventually, yeah, it becomes more of about,
um, the,
the necessity for the king to love to,
to hold hold Excalibur, to stay,
tend to realize that while if you're the king,
you can love your wife and you can love your best friend and they may
each other behind your back. And as they fall in love too,
but at the end of the day, you're responsible, your, your love has to be to the,
to the country and everyone else first and not your own personal, uh,
wants, which, you know,
made a much more interesting story when you have, uh, Carmen Brenna and,
and art. Oh, what does that one is?
It's a German opera, but, uh, you know,
and the horses and slow-mo and sword fights and an epic death scene between,
uh, Arthur and his, his son. Okay. Now I definitely have to.
Watch it and I haven't washed it and embarrassed.
It's, uh,
it is John Boorman's second film in Hollywood, his first one being,
uh, point blank with Lee, Marvin,
which is also on top of one of the upper echelon movies on my list, uh,
derived from a book by called the outfit by,
uh, what is his name? Uh, I forget,
but Darwin cook comics illustrator. He did Donald Westlake road.
So Darwin cooked is,
does an amazing comic book send up of Donald Cook's novels and they are
incredible. So anyways, but, uh, the point blank, what lean Marvin,
uh, you know, it's a man driven by purpose revenge,
but also by like really pure motivations, he wants his money. He was,
he was betrayed in, he wants his,
his cash because this is what he agreed to do. The thing for. And this is,
which also is part of the reason why like no country for old men so much,
which I felt was a great, great movie, even better book. But, uh,
I remember talking to my friend and I go, you know,
Anton Chigurh is the most pure human being in that whole book. Well,
that guy's the villain I go, is he evil again?
He's the one he lies to no one, he does everything he says he will do.
He always follows his word. And on the rare occasion, he,
he allows fate to make a decision. As he figures like, well, whatever,
all let us to here will, will, will lead us one way or the other.
And if we're at this crossroads, what,
how is there any better or worse way than to do it over a coin flip?
And so that whole scene where the guy's going, well, what am I putting up?
And he goes, everything. You've been putting it up every day of your life.
And that's true. Everything we do as a, as a, as a, as a decision,
as a calling as a, as a choice. And, and then, uh, bummed me out that they,
they reduced the last interaction between sugar and,
uh, what's his face, his life. And he finally finds her and she's like,
you don't have to do this. I mean, she's, he's like, yes, yes I do.
This is the way it is.
You can think that your life could have turned out any sort of ways you could
have done this. You're kind of in that. But the reality is,
and this is the way your life is. And it's the way it was always going to be.
You know, the fact that I'm here is the end of it. And that's that?
Yeah, it's fine. If you're honest,
this will dark movies revealed that the villains are the,
the purest of humans and can teach us the most profound
lessons. And that's, that's certainly a good example of it.